content/docs/admin/api-tokens/index.md, before:

---
title: "API Tokens"
description: "Learn how to administrate API token to authenticate your requests to the public API."
lead: "API Token allow you to authenticate your requests to the public API."
date: 2021-03-10T08:47:16-05:00
lastmod: 2021-03-10T08:47:16-05:00
draft: false
images: []
menu:
  docs:
    parent: "admin"
weight: 20030
---

## Managing API Tokens

To access the API Tokens administration, click on the {{< icon key >}} icon in the navigation bar.

{{< img src="tokens.png" alt="Tokens" >}}

To create an API token, click on the **Create** button. Once the API token is created, copy the token, as you won't be able to retrieve it again.

{{< img src="create-token.png" alt="Create token" >}}

There are three permissions available for an API Token:

- The Start permission, allowing to start simulations
- The Read permission, allowing to read all the data from runs (typically useful in Grafana)
- The All permission, combining both of the previous permissions

{{< alert tip >}}
The permission needed for our CI plugins is All.
{{< /alert >}}

You can edit the API Token permissions by clicking on the {{< icon pencil-alt >}} icon on the right part of the table. A permission can be set globally or to a specific team.
To regenerate a token, click on the {{< icon undo >}} icon.

Commit message:

Update screenshots and documentation on API Tokens page, closes CLOUD-216
Motivation:

- We see complete api token on tokens.png (last created)
- Artifacts is missing on Global permissions radio buttons and documentation

Modification:

- Update screenshots
- Update documentation

Result:

- Screenshots and documentation are up to date

content/docs/admin/api-tokens/index.md, after:

---
title: "API Tokens"
description: "Learn how to administrate API token to authenticate your requests to the public API."
lead: "API Token allow you to authenticate your requests to the public API."
date: 2021-03-10T08:47:16-05:00
lastmod: 2021-03-10T08:47:16-05:00
draft: false
images: []
menu:
  docs:
    parent: "admin"
weight: 20030
---

## Managing API Tokens

To access the API Tokens administration, click on the {{< icon key >}} icon in the navigation bar.

{{< img src="tokens.png" alt="Tokens" >}}

To create an API token, click on the **Create** button. Once the API token is created, copy the token, as you won't be able to retrieve it again.

{{< img src="create-token.png" alt="Create token" >}}

There are three permissions available for an API Token:

- The Start permission, allowing to start simulations
- The Read permission, allowing to read all the data from runs (typically useful in Grafana)
- The Artifacts permission, allowing to upload artifacts
- The All permission, combining all three of the previous permissions

{{< alert tip >}}
The permission needed for our CI plugins is All.
{{< /alert >}}

You can edit the API Token permissions by clicking on the {{< icon pencil-alt >}} icon on the right part of the table. A permission can be set globally or to a specific team.
To regenerate a token, click on the {{< icon undo >}} icon.
